_portfolio/portfolio-3.md, before:

---
title: "[Numerical Solution to the Optimal Portfolio Selection Problem for Power Utility Function](https://github.com/kenrickraymond/Numerical-Solution-to-the-Optimal-Portfolio-Selection-Problem-for-Power-Utility-Function)"
excerpt: "This project aims to determine the optimal asset weights in a portfolio consisting of a risk-free asset and a risky asset, where the risky asset follows an Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process. While traditional portfolio selection focuses on maximising expected return and minimising variance, this study seeks to maximise a utility function representing the investor's preference for holding more of the risky asset than the risk-free asset. The algorithm used in this project uses [central differencing](https://www.jstor.org/stable/40233269) as long as a specified criterion is met, switching to forward or backward differencing when necessary.<br/>"

collection: portfolio \\
---
<!-- 
This is an item in your portfolio. It can be have images or nice text. If you name the file .md, it will be parsed as markdown. If you name the file .html, it will be parsed as HTML.  -->

Commit message:

Updated descriptions to be more clear

_portfolio/portfolio-3.md, after:

---
title: "Numerical Solution to the Optimal Portfolio Selection Problem for Power Utility Function [PDF](https://github.com/kenrickraymond/Numerical-Solution-to-the-Optimal-Portfolio-Selection-Problem-for-Power-Utility-Function/blob/main/Numerical%20Solution%20to%20the%20Optimal%20Portfolio%20Selection%20Problem%20for%20Power%20Utility%20Function.pdf) [Github](https://github.com/kenrickraymond/Numerical-Solution-to-the-Optimal-Portfolio-Selection-Problem-for-Power-Utility-Function)"
excerpt: "This paper introduces a numerical method for solving the optimal portfolio selection problem in a financial market with two assets: a risk-free bond and a risky stock. The goal is to find an investment strategy that *maximizes the expected utility of terminal wealth*. The problem is modeled as a stochastic differential equation, which describes the evolution of the wealth process over time. The solution is approached by solving the *Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation* using a finite difference scheme, where both the state and time are discretized. *Central differencing is used for most terms, with forward and backward differencing applied where necessary to maintain stability*.<br/>"

collection: portfolio \\
---
<!-- 
This is an item in your portfolio. It can be have images or nice text. If you name the file .md, it will be parsed as markdown. If you name the file .html, it will be parsed as HTML.  -->
